Add initial version of the Developer Guide (#1402)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/DeveloperGuide.md

## Setting up the repository

### Step 0: Contributor License Agreement

Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

### Step 1: Install a Go toolchain

A preexisting Go toolchain is required to bootstrap the build process.
You can use your system's package manager to install Go, or you can download it from the [official Go website](https://golang.org/dl/).
The only requirement is that the Go version is high enough for the bootstrap process.
If the version is too low, the bootstrap process will fail and ask you to install a newer version.

This repository implements some scripts (provided by `eng/run.ps1`) to facilitate installing the correct bootstrapping Go version and also to build the Go toolchain from source, see the [`eng` Readme](../eng/README.md) for more information.
It is recommended that you get familiar with both the upstream Go build process and the scripts provided in this repository.

> ### Step 2: Install git and the git-go-patch command

Reviewer: Multiple Step 2's here, I suggest removing the numbers altogether as it makes further editing easier

Author: Done!

# Developer Guide

This document is a guide for developers who want to contribute to the Microsoft Go repository.
It explains how to build the repository, how to work with the Go submodule, and how to use the different tools
that help maintain the repository.

## Setting up the repository

### Step 0: Contributor License Agreement

Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution.
For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

### Step 1: Install a Go toolchain

> A preexisting Go toolchain is required to bootstrap the build process.

Reviewer 2: If you use `eng/run.ps1`, you don't need your own bootstrap Go (but you do need pwsh 😄). So I guess there's a split: devs who want to use upstream processes (probably devs who have contributed to Go before--I do regularly use this process), or devs who want to be ready to repro/contribute to what happens in CI and run the other utilities (e.g. markdown file generation).

I think this deserves being mentioned in the doc intro, along with a link to the CI-workflow docs in `eng`.

You can use your system's package manager to install Go, or you can download it from the [official Go website](https://golang.org/dl/).
The only requirement is that the Go version is high enough for the bootstrap process.
If the version is too low, the bootstrap process will fail and ask you to install a newer version.

> ### Step 2: Install the git-go-patch command

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth mentioning up front that `git` is required? (Step 1 and 2 could be combined to a `Step 1: Install prerequisites` to avoid adding a bunch of steps?)

Author: I like having the different prerequisites on their own sections 😸. Will mention `git`.

> The `git-go-patch` command is a tool that helps you manage the patches in the `go` submodule.

Reviewer 2: Link to its doc?

To install the `git-go-patch` command, run the following command:

```
go install github.com/microsoft/go-infra/cmd/go-patch@latest
```

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure `git-go-patch` is accessible in your shell's `PATH` variable.
> You may need to add `$GOPATH/bin` to your `PATH`. Use `go env GOPATH` to locate it.

Then, run the command to see the help documentation:

```
git go-patch -h
```

> [!NOTE]
> `git` detects that our `git-go-patch` executable starts with `git-` and makes it available as `git go-patch`.

> > The program still works if you call it with its real name, but we think it's easier to remember and type something that looks like a `git` subcommand.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is important enough to note here.

Author: I'll remove the last sentence. I think the first sentence does add some value.

### Step 2: Initialize the submodule and apply patches

> The repository uses a `go` submodule to store the Go source code.

Reviewer 2: Maybe link the term:

```suggestion
The repository uses a [Git submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) named `go` to store the Go source code.
```

> All the patches that modify the Go source code are stored in the `patches` directory.

Reviewer 2: Link the dir?

To initialize the submodule and apply the patches, run the following command:

```
git go-patch apply
```

### Step 3: Build the Go toolchain

> You now can edit the `go/src` directory as you would any other Go project.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say it's "any other Go project"... maybe:

```suggestion
You now can edit the `go/src` directory as you would the upstream Go project.
[The upstream "Installing Go from source" instructions](https://go.dev/doc/install/source) apply to the `go` directory and can be used to build and test.
```

(I do think it's fine to list our own condensed instructions too, even after linking the upstream doc.)

> Note that the `go/src/go.mod` file uses a `go` directive with a version that is not available as a prebuilt binary.

Reviewer 2: I think this is too much background up front. It doesn't seem like it's clear at this point that running `go build .`, `go test .` on the module/a package is something that the dev should be planning to do, vs. just having a `go` binary that they can use to build their own project and try out library changes that way.

I think we should also mention that using `go` on another project does immediately reflect any changes to the stdlib without having to rebuild `go`, because that may be quite impactful to someone's dev iteration time.

This is because that module contains the future version of Go, which is not yet released.
In order to build the standard library packages located in `go/src` you will first need to build to Go toolchain from the `go/src` directory itself using the following command:

```
cd go/src
./make.bash # or make.bat on Windows
```

After building the Go toolchain, you can use it to develop and test changes in the `go/src` directory.

> You will need to add the `go/bin` directory to your `PATH` to use the new Go toolchain.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't read to me clearly as an instruction. Although, you don't *need* to... you can call `.../bin/go` directly.

I think it'd be better to stress that the `go/bin/go` binary needs to be used, then mention future steps will assume you've added it to PATH. It's probably worth mentioning that you can set up your IDE to use it as the Go environment. (I don't rely on PATH to use gopls with the Go codebase--to avoid affecting other WIP (if global PATH), and so I don't need to launch my IDE in a convoluted way (if console PATH).)

### Step 4: Test that your environment is set up correctly

To test that your environment is set up correctly, run the following command:

```
cd go/src
go version
go test -short ./...
```

## Making changes to go/src

> TODO

Reviewer 2: For details on the rebasing part, we should make https://github.com/microsoft/go-infra/tree/main/cmd/git-go-patch#make-changes-to-a-patch-file better for a Git beginner IMO. We can split it into its own doc to keep the context isolated/browsable.
